lnrpc: append listchannels command with the chan_id and short_chan_id (#9390)
lightningnetwork/lnd: docs/release-notes/release-notes-0.19.0.md

  This is a protocol gadget required for Dynamic Commitments and Splicing that
  will be added later.

> * [Added]((https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd/pull/9390)) 

Reviewer: add the release notes under the `lncli section`

  now update the channel policy if the edge was not found in the graph
  database if the `create_missing_edge` flag is set.

> * [Added](https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd/pull/9390) `scid_str`, a 
>   string representation of `chan_id` in the format 
>   (`block x transaction x output`). This update replaces `chan_id` with `scid`, 
>   `channel_point` with `chan_point`, and includes `chan_id` to align with the 
>   BOLT-2 Peer Protocol specification for standardized channel identification in 
>   the `lncli listchannels` output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Enhance](https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd/pull/9390) the `lncli listchannels` output by adding the human readable short channel id and the channel id defined in BOLT02. Moreover change the misnomer of `chan_id` which was describing the short channel id to `scid` to represent what it really is.
```
